1.	• Fully replacing doctors in decision-making.
2.	• Providing optimal opportunities for diagnosing any disease. (For physical examinations, doctors can either perform this task or be replaced by trained technicians until we can develop efficient robots.
      In fact, robots with AI can already perform physical exams more effectively than doctors, as machines can sense things that humans may not.)
3.	• Accuracy: No more confusion or uncertainty from doctors.
4.	• Efficiency: Eliminating unnecessary errors, pain, and casualties, saving time, effort, and resources.
5.	• Direct and concise: No more extended diagnostic processes for obvious conditions or wasting time on unnecessary failures.
6.	• Complete Workflow: From doctor visits to full recovery (diagnosis, evaluation, treatment, surveillance, and prevention). 
7.	 The app covers all medical specialties, eliminating the need for referrals to specialists or professors (everything in one app).
8.	• The best possible healthcare for free to every person worldwide, including the most isolated and impoverished areas, via smartphone client apps.
9.	• Monitoring disease spread globally and assessing risks to vulnerable individuals.
10.	• Creating an account for every individual that represents their civil status, medical history, travels, ethnicity, age, profession, personal and family health details, consultations, and hospitalizations,
      among other data. This information will make future diagnoses faster and easier through a simple login.
11.	• Monitoring personal health to alert users if they need consultation, based on the reason for consultation.
12.	• Quick adaptation to new findings, statistics, guidelines, treatments, medications, or outbreaks. This includes regular updates, additions, and removals.
13.	• Providing statistics for researchers, developers, and authorities to refine guidelines and algorithms, whether disease-specific or cross-disease. If the statistics suggest that a new approach should be
      implemented, it will be reviewed by healthcare supervisors to identify potential causes or treatments for diseases.
